[Music]
thank you so much Paul
our first guest we've been very lucky to
have this man on and off during the
regular NFL season and now with the
Super Bowl just a week or so away a
great idea to have him back he's the NFL
primetime premiere color commentator and
a member of the Pro Football Hall of
Fame
ladies gentlemen please welcome back
John Madden John
[Applause]
[Music]
good to see it welcome back yeah it's
always great to be here Dave good thank
you very much
now well the big stage is said it's
going to be the Bears and it's gonna be
the Colts and I think I think you
predicted the Bears and the Colts am I
right about that
last time I was here so I hate the Bears
go play the Colts from an old Gary
Indiana and the yeah I still say all
right look into the future suits yeah
yeah and I take take a look at I said
hey that's why I ate I drank I sleep
football they sleep like football that's
pretty good that's the Safe Drinking
football once you got a football mug I
bet you got a mug that looks like a
football thing on the side of this boat
you bring it back hey I'm drinking
football coach I think you also said
that that with or without the Packers
Brett Favre would be in the Super Bowl
yeah I didn't I didn't say this year ago
Dave I was thinking at some point the
the Brett farm will be back to the
Superfly and you know it could be a a in
a different dimension I'm like what
about no what well I mean it could be
anywhere I mean it's like hey this is
only the dimension where 11 and for
Brett Favre he'll be playing some other
dimension but right now
don't have any idea what you're talking
about now let's let's take the two teams
of bears in the cult how do you like
those matchups there oh you got Peyton
Manning and you have rex grossman yeah
and you know a lot of people say it's
Peyton Manning versus Rex Grossman those
guys don't play against each other I
mean the teams play against each other
but they're both on offense and offenses
don't play against other defenses don't
go play guys I mean you imagine be about
offense and play the other team they're
on offense who's gonna hike the ball but
you're way down to the stronger guy
would probably always win that one yeah
yeah I'd heard look at it like that that
you're right so what do you think you
take it take it this way day I mean you
look at it like in the wild a bear would
always be the Colt I mean I would not
give this oh yeah I pretty I'm pretty
much sure that it's like paper mageddon
beaten by scissors I'm eight right yeah
so how does rock get beaten by paper
Dave Oh baby I mean that's like a cult
beating the bear in the wild
in the game it might happen without
either one of those two teams has
probably got a chance to win that game
yeah
I mentioned the of course we know about
Peyton meant
if you miss and you miss lunch coach I
think you're a turkey leg when I stuck
out there for one no I'm fine thanks go
ahead don't mind me
we talked about archie manning who
talked about Peyton Manning we talked
about of course Eli Manning and now the
young sister of the Manning family Louis
is gonna play at the South Carolina for
Steve Spurrier how about that that's
something else when your whole team your
whole family is team members on
different it's pretty great thing not as
great as this chickens a lot drier than
I thought
I mean panting couldn't win the big game
but by God he won the big game against
the Patriots to get him into the Super
Bowl I think he won a big game nobody
yeah the Super Bowl is the big game
right there there's a difference between
the big game and a big of it nobody
gonna say hey I want to see a Incredible
Hulk they go I want to see the
incredible
[Music]
I think you gotta win the Super Bowl and
then maybe change your name to Payton
farming mm-hmm give it the breath far
right Philo right far right about hammer
is he gonna retire do you have any
insight there you know I I saw I saw his
last game that he's played you know the
date and I saw that a way to see the
emotion after that game if they could
hey you know someone crying like that
and he was crying - not only me and I
think that you just have to wonder is he
coming back or isn't he coming back and
if he doesn't come back
Who am I gonna reference all the time
exactly right you have to find a new guy
Peyton Farquhar yeah yeah now listen
coach I just want to mention this is the
Madden 207 this has been a tremendous
success for it this football game the
big PlayStation 2 video game kind of
thing
congratulations on that that just
Anderson it's doing over 10 million
copies
when was that picture taken you looked
much more of weeks ago huh that's my
favorite videogame next to Grand Theft
Auto all right give me I mean that's
great but boom shoot the hooker I mean
you play the old game I think that was
when they were creative like Donkey Kong
you're bigger they'll beg your Italian
plumber you gotta go up a building and
there's a there's a monkey throwing
barrels
banging those bricks you eat a mushroom
and you double your original size
there's a Koopa Troopa
I mean the koopa troopas coming after
you then boom your princess is in
another castle and you're like you jump
across you hit up all your banging when
they join they're growing on a flagpole
exactly Wow
well listen it's just
it's been a great pleasure working with
you this season maybe it was a lot of
fun and I don't know what was more
difficult for me doing that whole video
game thing or eating that chicken yeah
that's right
and listen enjoy the game I know you
won't be working that Sunday but enjoy
the game and then maybe come back and
we'll do kind of a summary after the
game one day
pleasure be right back at Mandy Moore